YLDC AT
Published Weekly by the YMCA

Editor Harvy McLean

Reporters
Joe Vance Bob Coble
Bill McLean
Society Editor Katherine Malloy
Foreign Correspondent
Je Re Cunningham Sr,

FOOD FOR THOUGHT

Every musician in the world is
on strike ! Every musical recording
has been sinashed. Petrillo is hap-
py and even the mocking birds are
on his side. This is fantastic but
it gives us the gloomy picture of
just what our world would be like
without music.

Music is an integral part of our
Civilization, Have you ever stopp-
ed to consider just how dependent
upon it we are? It- constitutes a m=
jor part of most every program of
entertainment; ‘our church services
would be somewhat"flat"without it;
your graduation -processional would
be in dead silence; you'd never lee
rn to dance; even the young couple
"looking ‘at the moon" would have to
do without the soft mclodies coming
in over a portable.

Yes, music is a part of us! Since
it does fill such a place in our
lives, its our responsibility to
learn to appreciate it. Music in
its many forms is like the presents
found around a Christmas tree, all
wrapped in different tissue, with
different colored ribbons but each
bringing joy to its recipient as
well as the giver,

Let's not limit ourselves to a
little when there is so much,and
really learn to enjoy a tunet

VESPERS

Vespers service this Sunday even-
ing will be conducted by Rev, Cliff
McLeod pastor of the First Presby-
terian Church of Mooresville, all
are invited to attend this service,

"WONDERING" AROUND

Well,that fatal nite has rolled
around once again and according to
the "Simon Legree" that we have for
an Editor, it is time for the latest
"Scuttlebutt". So consequently here’
it is, as well as could be discover
ed by your "wondering" reporter,

Just wondering:

‘hat Big Leighton is going to do
about being able to go to Charlotte
only three nights a week? So sad.

What came over "one woman" Bunny
Perrin? He was seen"squiring"a lo-
cal young lady. at Vespers.

If John Coddington will be happy,
if we correct a former statement?
THE WeC. coed was at the beach. Our
apologies, John,

If Jack Bridgeman obtained that
sunburn at.Crescent Beach? My, but
that is long ride, son.

If like Williams managed to stop
that revolving door? Well, what hap
pened?

Just why Colvin Wyatt went to
Winston Salem, Wednesday night, Au-
gust 18, 1948 ? (Those are facts,
son}) t

If Mr. Joseph T. Stukes is really
enjoying those tomatoes, thrice dai
ly and iron glue in the coffee pot?
iy, oh my, what's wrong J.T.?

Wonder if Charlie Robinson would:
like to see his name here? Satisfied
Zorro ?

If "Weeping Willie" Mebane is reae
lly weeping over a local girl?

If Dick Stone has found an apart-~
ment and whether he realizes that
September is only two weeks off?

If Springer Hoskins has made that
trip to Kinston? ie

If Heels Beals will release Dick
Tracy? “How about it Heels?

\Vhat George Adams will do about
that proposed trip to Hurope? Bon
Voyage}

HEARD:

Harry Shaw is really sitting on
those proverbial pins and needles
and for a very good reason too.There
are a few here who can appreciate
your situation Harry.'

Just one more to g0e

a
