December 3, 4976

the davidsonian

Gran Fiix

(1) Formula XIII race chair
drivers position themsel-
ves on the starting grid
seconds before the green
flag.

(3) Guy encounters mech-
anical difficulties shortly
after the start of the race
as a confused team of
Leslie and Banks Curve
consult their map.

(5) The spectre of death
haunts the intrepid Ma.
hart and Petrol as they
race past the wreckage of
Banks Curve’s chair

E. H. Little

A Davidsonian Sports Exclusive

(2) Leslie Petrol, driving
the Broyhill Special, led
Guy de Mahart into the
first turn of the race.

(4) Leslie comes to grief
in the 900’s as a confused
team of Guy and Banks
consult their map.

Zi

(6) Banks receives the
victors spoils. a bottle of
Spanada and a kiss from
Miss GPEHL. as Guy and
Leslie offer their congra-
tulations

