March 25, 1977

Athlete of the Week wee r
Prowess abounds in Castelein’s game

ine vavigsonian

By BRENDA BOYLE
Staff Writer

As the tennis season pro-
gresses, Allard Castelein re-
mains number one.

It is unusual that an inter-
national student competes in
one of Davidson’s varsity
sports, and more unusual is
that he is number one, but
Allard Castelein, a native of
the Netherlands, is a vital
member of Davidson’s varsity
tennis team.

Tennis teams do not exist
within the educational system
in the N etherlands as in most

of Europe. Consequently, a
series of tennis clubs has
sprung up within the country
due to the recent tennis craze.

These clubs compete with
each other for eight weeks,
then the tournament season
begins as each club member
suddenly becomes an indivi-
dual player.

Allard has played in many
tournaments. Most of the time
for plain ole fun, he says.

While a junior in high
school, Allard was selected as
a member of an elite group,
the National Junior Training
and placed fourth in the 18 and

_under National Junior Cham-

pionships last summer.

Are there any differences
between Dutch tennis and
American tennis? The Dutch
play on red clay courts, which
are much slower than the com-
posite courts here.

“The weather here was very
good in the fall,’’ noted Cas-
telein, ‘‘much like Holland.”

But he would have liked to
play much more during the
winter.

‘In Holland we play out-
doors for six months, and then
indoors from October through
March.” He agrees, though,
that it is ‘‘better’’ here because
the warm weather comes so

much sooner.

Castelein finds it hard to
divorce studies from his mind
while playing tennis.

“Jeff Frank has really
stressed this, that we study
hard and then play hard, but
don’t mix.”’ ;

What does Allard intend to
do when he returns to Hol-
land? ‘‘Well, I want to go to
med school, but that all de-
pends on the lottery.”

Allard had successfully
completed the requirements
for applying to med school,
but because of the arbitrary
selection system, he was not
admitted. He hopes to get a

the
STl

DENT STORE
OMAN

Come Early For Best Selection!

Limited Time - Limited Quantity

On Sale NOW!

Castelein
luckier number next year.

Allard is known for being a
cool, collect player. ‘‘There’s
no way you can show your
excitement according to the
rules. Tennis is a very sophis-
ticated sport.

“I don’t think it’s proper to
yell or throw rackets...even
though I have a tough time
not doing that.’’

