PAGE 2 anneeennnoneneneenneeeee THE LITTLE DAVIDSONIAN ---------------=-JUNE 29, 1955 -

SOU THE RN S CA NODA L

First of all we want to wish "Happy Birthday" to CARROLL JENKINS and BILL HORNE who
celebrated their 22nd and 2lst birthday respectively and respectfully this past week,

BOBBY JOE KEY is taking the fatal step this Friday. We will want you to clue us in
on hos you like the "Ball & Chain" life, Bobby,

Reports are coming in that Singing SAMMY PETERS is going on a diet. Don't get too weak
to play that piano, boy}t

BO ABERNETHY is still trying to sell his car. Please == Please -=- somebody take that
thing off his hands. Highest bidder so far has offered $5.00. Can you top that?

Tragedy Â«eo. We lost one of our co-eds this week. We all hated to see BECKY DEAL leave
us after first semester, Some felt that she might have converted STUART COLLINS, given
three more weeks, for she broke him of the habit of using certain Biblical names out of
context.

COACH DOLE wants JOHN "Squeaky" SIMPSON to play football this fall, but it seems other
idees are had by John who was on the Georgia All-State football team,

PETE RAKM, BUIYE SEAWELL, and NED HEDGPETH played husband and wife with their girls last
week-end. Their families were out-of-town, and these and their respective lady friends
had a very pleasant time.

If anyone wants to hear an interesting story, just ask DCN MASSEY how he got his middle
name,

ED "SHONEY" wandered around all day Tuesday hunting for a 3rd and kth for bridge. We
recommend a little honeymoon bridge for you and LYNN, Ed.

SAM McGILL, Y Secretary, brings us news from the Blue Ridge Assembly that CREIGHTON PADEN
was elected Chairman of the Southern Area Student Council of. the YICA.

FRANK RENFROW is having such an easy time with Trig this summer that he ie taking a
course in night school called Movies ll (that's his goal for the summer session).

Congratulations to PLTE PLTERSEN, BUDD MONTGOMERY, BOBBY JOE KEY, STRATTON STLRGHOS, and
BOB SLOOP who all received their sheep-skins at the end of the first semester. We will
miss you all}

LACY KEESLER and his brother played some fine tennis in the Charlotte Country Club Invi-
tational Couples Tournament, but they found some tough competition in the finals when
another Keesler brother and his partner edged them out for the championship,

BOB SHIVE can't seem to find those "things" (cells), and Embryr-logy PROFESSOR PUCKETT
is losing hair fast.

We want to welcome all those people who have joined the Davidson S. S. Family for the
second stmester, and we suggest that you heed our motto:

LIVE IT UP AND MAKE SCUTHERN
SCANDAL.
