The Davidsonian

IMAC Report

September 16, 1977

ts

Bernie & Hogman pick the weak from the meek

By BAD BERNARD
and HOGMAN
Staff Writers

Greetings Peons and wel-
come back to this intolerable
place.

To all the freshmints and
womints who are not familiar
with the legend of Bad
Bernard (as in King) and
Hogman (as in Razorback), it
is time you learn. Seminars

dealing with “The Evolution

and Socialization of Bernie
and Hogman’’ will be given
daily in the 900 room by Dr.
George ‘‘Three yards and a
cloud of dust’’ Abernathy.
Refreshments will be provi-
ded.

Now that the leaves have
turned a golden brown and the
freshmints know where the

“Davidson

library is, we are faced with
the annual problem of deciding
how to spend these clear, crisp
autumn afternoons. For years
students have
solved this dilemma by mi-
grating to the bush country of
the Davidson campus to par-
take in that fall phenomenon
flickerball.

But this year the mass
movement was almost
squelched by the ‘fittle
Napoleon of Davidson intra-
murals, Sterling Martin. Ele-
vated from his position of
Track Coach to Phys. Ed.
director, Martin proposed
what he considered to be
innovations of our sacred
pasttime.

One of Martin's aides de-
scribed the New Deal in the
following manner: ‘Basically
Bernie, what Sterling had in

BARGER
CONSTRUCTION
CO., INC.

GENERAL CONTRACTORS

*

P.O. BOX 30°} TELEPHONE 663-3611
MOORESVILLE, N.C.

M. A. WICKER
President and Treasury

BEN L. MILLSAPS
Executive Vice-President and Secretary

mind was to simplify the game
so-that everyone got a chance
to play and officials would not
be hampered by technical rules
the game now utilizes.

“He was going to do this by
dividing the student body into
two teams and pitting those
two against each other five
days a week for the whole'term
on field number two. Each
team would get one down to
score and fifteen minutes to
draw up a play. Thirty minute
games, no technical yardage
problems for officials, and
total student involvement —
personally, I thought they
were good proposals.”

Right. Fortunately that
great Flickerball god in the
sky saw fit to prevent the
change and the tradition still
lives.

As always, Bad Bernard
and Hogman are going to keep

our accurate if not exact top -

ten running for flickerball
season. In order for this top
ten to be creditable, Bernie
and Hogman spent all of
August going to the various
summer camps and came up

‘with the following scouting

report:

SAE:

Strengths: Good returning nu-
cleus from last year’s team
which came close to taking it
all. Lead by receiver Stan
Brown and defensemen Jim

Richards, Carl McPhail and’

Adrian Wilson, the E’s appear
to have a strong foundation
upon which to build a winning
team.

Weaknesses: No. proven tail-
back and an invariable urge to
shag with Queenies during the
big games.

Prediction: 9-1-0

KA:

Strengths:39 returning letter-
men from last year’s champi-
onship team. A rugged de-
fense, a consistent offense,
and a 45 page play book make
this ‘eam a definite contender.

GAY 908

the
__WORLD

STEAKS and
SHOICE WINES & BEERS

590-

MWY. 49- UMIVERSITY City. oun

Stars include Barnhill, Bos-
well, Bell, Ballard, Sellers,
McDade, Williams and Flow-
ers.

Weaknesses: A somewhat
nonchalant attitude toward
the game. Inability to get up
for the big ones.

Prediction: 9-1-0

Macfleet and Stuff:
Strengths: Good returning nu-
cleus from last year including
Stroud, Ratliff, McKinley,
and Carter. Preseason perfor-
mance against Old Men was
impressive and showed team
was well conditioned and
rarin’ to go.

Weaknesses: Had to play pre-
season games under interna-
tional rules and may have
trouble adapting back to Da-
vidson style.

Prediction: 8-2-0

Bongs:

Strengths: Experience counts
and the Bongs have four year
lettermen in Justice, Swaim,
Reynold, Boney, Bogie, Dar-
den and Young. Also, several
players return from JYA,
including the incomparable
Monsieur Bondy.
Weaknesses: Several players
tend to get too up for games.
Loss of such serious minded
players as Morrow and Lovett
will hurt in the stretch.
Prediction: 8-2-0

War Kiwis:

Strengths: Everybody return-
ing from last year’s freshman
hall which did as well as any
freshman hall has ever done.
Key players include Brown,
Hull, Holliday, Smith, Jor-
dan, and Haynes.
Weaknesses: Inability to re-
cognize that freshman year is
over and that sophomores no
longer need hall counseling.
Prediction: 8-2-0

Old Men:

Strengths: Team contains one
former all Southern Confer-
ence star (Shi), one former

FANIOUS

: Sood G Sittueatnad! Cssue

PIZZA * LASAGNE « RAVIOLI

VEAL SCALLOPINE

CHICKEN CACCIATORE

VEAL PARMIGIANA
omer

375-7449
W. MOREHEAD

AIMOSPHERE ¢
0256

All-Imacer (Rogers{, and the
head of the physical education
department (Martin, who can
do any damn thing he wants
to). With a minister on the
team there is also that little
extra edge from that great
press box in the sky.
Weaknesses: An unexplain-
able desire to put nine men on
the field when only seven are
supposed to be there. Contin-
uos penalties for too many
men on the field make offici-
ating Old Men games difficult.
Prediction: 7-3-0

FIJI

Strengths: An offensive com-
bination known as “Winkin’
(Winkle), Blinkin’ (Blink-
horn), and Bog (Boggus). Fa-
vorable home schedule devel-
oped by IMAC head and FIJI
great Graeme Thomson
doesn’t hurt.

Weaknesses: Inability to play
flickerball and lack of talent.
Prediction: 7-3-0

Johnny Castleberry and the
East Harlem Whizz Kids:
Strengths: Great combination
of independents and frat men
give this team a social balance
unlike any other. Murray,
Sherwood, and Douglass give
the team suave and charm
while Downs, Coffey, Collins,
Lasley, Griner and Knowles
give it the independence ne-
cessary for championships.
Weaknesses: Abundance of
talent squeezes such good
players as Knowles from any
playing time. A too serious
approach to the game could
cause tension down the line.
Prediction: 7-3-0

SPE’s;

Strengths: Rick Kelly returns
to spearhead an always tough
Sig Ep team. Look for them to
either run or throw.
Weaknesses: Insatiable desire
for many team members to be
cheerleaders makes it difficult
for team to perform.
Prediction: 6-4-0

Ist Cannon:

Strengths: Two blondes and a
brunette.

Weaknesses: A noted absence
of available Friday and Satur-
day nights.

Prediction: 36-24-35

All right you clowns, go out
and win a few for the Gipper.
Later.

Lid.

Your Gift Headquarters

“Gifts for all ages

and all occassions”
Hours: 10—5:30 pm
Monday —Saturday

Plaza Shopping Center

Mooresyille 663-1503

